today we were still recovering from
eating scorpions yesterday and the next
item on our list was cliff jumping I've
never done it before and I wanted to
give it a try we called up our friend
Chris and he did not hesitate for a
minute perfect I will see you soon baby
let's go we were on our way to find some
cliffs drove for about an hour and
finally arrived at a destination go but
what are you thinking lifts were too
small no your cliffs we don't find a
cliff then we have the difference if
you're considering jumping off a bridge
instead into the st. Lawrence yeah I'm
down let's do it you wanted something
bigger but we still decided to stay for
a few warm-up jokes
god damn it oh [ __ ]
Oh
well the Sun is shy so the reason I like
to live jumping on is because of the
commitment a special where it's either
you commit or you're in a lot of pain
yeah I feel it's a very important
lessons of not a lot of things that
happen you know in our daily lives gets
teachers that know what I like most
about cliff jumping is that you have to
commit I did not say that it's important
to take these lessons that you learn
when you jump and apply them to your
daily life thank you and then left in
the search for something slightly more
challenging I'm just driving I've no
idea we're going I mean you'd find a
bridge somewhere a funny question for
you actually okay go ahead my friends
are doing an exhibition and I was
wondering if you knew any bridges that
we could jump off of the ones off the 20
and the 40 in the West and there you go
that's where they are so we're right
there that's good there's a sick
pathologist so basically if we die she's
gonna be the ones doing our autopsy Oh
unless we go to that one right there I'm
worried about you see that one over
there oh so yeah this is this is
actually I would love to jump up it's
further away on the other side more
water
no that's done yeah that's imminent
death yeah like there's your by taking
both legs off yeah actually this would
be good to scout to see what's the what
situation there is no situation Thomas
just a solution to it so apparently like
in Montreal that the river is just not
deep enough it's pretty shallow so I'm
not sure but if there is like actually
jumpable bridges out here so we took our
time and scattered for several bridges
and finally found one over the less she
know with water deep enough to jump
wanted to jump as fast as possible so we
could get out of there fast and we went
for it
[ __ ] side down I'll make you
travel anything up spin down Rob sit
with us